---
id: 71cc3981
created: 2015-01-03T02:08:00Z
updated: 2015-01-03T02:08:00Z
category: General
tags: []
---
# A few thoughts before going to bed. 

Taking someone for granted is awful.

Remember when your mother was there, cooking, cleaning, *loving and caring *for you?

..you were sure, she would live forever...

 but she didn't

when your friend offered you the last piece of her birthday cake?

..you didn't know she would move to another country. But she did.

the relatives with whom you hated being, during Christmas or Easter, having dinner all together and then hugs and kisses in the living room, listening to old, traditional songs?

they started dying one after the other, and then you wished you had that last dinner again .

but you couldn't.

Women are stressed because their relationship is not as they had imagined.

Men are trying to keep their wives.

Magasines "guide " both genders and "help " them on how to not be taken for granted.

Advice given on how to be the independent one. How to make the other feel they have to fight for them everyday.

But , you know, it is not fair.

I mean I think it is not worth trying.

Imagine having to try to breath. Is that life or survival?

Do we make relationships to just keep them alive, pulling the strings as much as we can ?

I thought it is all about the flow, the immersion, the passion and desire. If you care, your acts can show it. Struggling to create mystery and magic is like making efforts to keep someone who is unavoidably dying, in life.

So, why pretending ?

why not be free to act however we want ?

I read somewhere that if you are yourself, the right people will love you and come for your company.

That's nice, I can say it makes me feel more self-confident.

As I was saying, thinking that someone was, is being and is going to stay there, for you, is not only an illusion, but it can harm that relationship. We all have to understand that nothing is forever, because we, human beings, are not lasting forever.

***We just walk from birth to death.***

******

It is true. You know it. Everything you do in between those two states , is life.

But how can you say that something or even worse, someone is going to be in your life , in the same way, forever?

I have dreamt of a version of the end of the world as we know it.

First thing I did when I woke up was adopting my best smile and spreading positive attitude to my neighbourhood . Then if I remember I made some phone calls, hugged my parents, sent messages, and maybe had some moments of silence and deep thinking.

A day comes when you realise things. Now and then. More and more.

Each of those days, the world smells diffrently, is seeing more or less clearly, feelings are more intense, and you also get to understand people's acts better. Or you think so.

But that thing, having only one day, hours, or minutes. It is enlightening, terrifying, motivating, all at the same time.

You have felt that, haven't you? just once. the no-tomorrow feeling. it is good. tricky. full of passion. and love. don't forget the love, ever.

to return to the main subject..

A lot of people feel that it is their fault, being taken for granted.

I say, it is the opposite. No one has to change their behaviour and attitude to life.

Just think a little bit more of the facts and the situations.

Now he is here.

You are here.

The next moment they call them for an emergency meeting.

That meeting is in another country.

She got the job, she's moving to Spain.

They got married, they're leaving for the honeymoon.

He died.

She had an accident.

They study abroad.

A few simple little unexpected-maybe changes of the lifeline, which we have to keep in mind.

one of my favourite phrases:  "**You never know my friend..**"
