---
id: 825727a5
created: 2016-02-24T00:14:00.001Z
updated: 2016-02-24T00:14:00.001Z
category: General
tags: []
---
# .. that thing again? 

Feeling like you **shouldn't**,  again?

Like no one is there to ***hold your hand*** when you desperately need it?

Feeling like it's the **end of an era** but at the same time nothing has changed,  at least not for the worst?

Feeling that weird thought coming,  when the only thing you should be **looking forward** to is just **next week**,  month,  year?

Black **again**?

Pity,  don't you think?

No matter what you think,  what's important, is me.

Me to me, you you.

Ok,  so,  those moments again.

**Frustrated** about nothing,

**Anxious** about life itself,

**Worrying** becauuuuse...?  I forgot but **stress** is still here. You see?!

What else?

Oh yes.

Wanting to talk to them but then thinking about the outcome.

So what?

Will it be helpful?

Is it going to make you feel better?

Or is it a possible factor of getting more black and then....  **Who knows**!

When **escape** is the only way

When laugh is rare

When those who **heal** you are **away** or busy

And those in need need you and you need someone else...

What about keeping avoiding

What if I don't care at all?

There,  it's **me who matters** after all

Me to me

You to you.

I know it's only a bit that I'm staying like this

I know **it's gonna end**. The phase. The sleepless nights..

Here is the thing

Those who sacrifice their time,  effort and love

Those who care when you don't

Whose who still believe in yourself

When you think you've *lost control. *

**Marry** those,  **love** those,  **hug** those.

After all that's left in the end..

**L**(iving)  **O**(n) ** ****V**(enomous)   **E**(arth)
