---
id: 59c4013e
created: 2015-04-25T19:49:00.002Z
updated: 2015-04-25T19:49:00.002Z
category: General
tags: []
---
# ..that change you once and for all.. 

Minutes come and go

What's finally left?

Memories. Feelings. Scars,  inside out

There are times when something happens. Something you hadn't thought at all but it was enough to change you once and for all.

And then,  unexpectedly you start to become something new,  maybe a person you had no idea you could be..

Milestones in life are important for me.

At times when I feel lost and depressed,  looking back at my completed goals,  helps me much,  in many ways.

I love changes

However,  there are things that I need them to be stable . Not necessarily be found at the same person but always keep empowering me: love & friendship. At least those two..

Life is moments,  as well as happiness I guess.

People around me,  seek for happiness their whole lives,  thinking they have never felt it so far. Happiness can't be a state.

It might be a moment,  memory,  piece of music,  meeting someone you've missed,  a kiss,  a glass of water,  hearing for the first time... Who knows?

Priceless ticks of the clock. No matter how many of them.

People come and go. Exactly like minutes.

Who's left?

You don't know till they're gone.

Even if you desire to keep them in your life, meet them every single day,  ok week at least, talk with them,  share moments, thoughts, ideas,  love, you're not the only responsible for that connection. It's a pity how relationships end sometimes.

Distance and time is only an excuse.

Altering the way you are connected, accepting those barriers and believing in that beautiful thing you have created,  is the ultimate key to success.

I've tried it.

I like it.

It works.

And when circumstances are for you..

It feels good.

Like

water in your throat

when you're thirsty

That touch you had months to feel.

The perfume that reminds you of those magical days that will never come back

...
