---
id: d5f35526
created: 2015-06-13T16:38:00.005Z
updated: 2015-06-13T16:38:00.005Z
category: General
tags: []
---
# We are. Or not? 

What are we?

No,  really.

What are you?

What do you feel you are?

You can think,  you can feel,  breath,  ok,  you have your senses.

Then what?

Are we an input - output machine ?

Some of us value logic more than feelings and the other way round.

Our social life and relationships can affect every other domain in our life.

Not everyone knows that. Even if they understand this,  they provide excuses - usually the priority - list ,  to avoid social things,

as a result,  they avoid social development

as a result, ....

So,  what are we?

A weird-shaped box,  stuffed with brain reactions to stimuli,  making combinations when certain parts of it are triggered?

Input-output,  all the time.

At least,  we have learnt to enjoy things.

Or is it another function of brain?

Of course it is...

Are we our needs?

Are we our desires?

Did I just say the same thing?

I'm thinking that,

needs can be disguised as wants.

You need water. Your brain understood that because your body starts getting dehydrated.

The signal was sent and received. What do you say?

"I want water".

Yes you do.

Because you need it.

You **need** it.

Otherwise you'll die.

You don't want to die.

Instincts won't let you give in to death so easily.

What do I extract from this?

Instinct wants that glass of water.

Weird, huh?

What are we?

I guess we'll die before we solve the puzzle that is called "brain".

It's like, life is the brain. There are plenty of other necessary organs for life to exist but what makes us healthy humans is a properly functioning brain,  right?

Thoughts and combinations that other species cannot complete at the same degree

Not?

I'm really confused right now.

Discussions like this,  make me wander in endless thinking paths,  forgetting about everything else.

Sometimes I forget earth and physics,  as I get in my imagination and start a journey to whatever it leads me.

That's why I stop for now.

(*reality cannot wait those days*)

To be continued....
