---
id: cd569171
created: 2016-05-14T21:42:00Z
updated: 2016-05-14T21:42:00Z
category: General
tags: []
---
# In My Dream

Once upon a **time** there was man..

As far as I  know, people used to kill for **gold** once, during another period for a certain **product** of interest that was on the spotlight, something rare, not easily acquired .

Like when we were **kids** and the only thing that mattered was **games**, **sleeping**, **friends**.

Those people then,

offer them millions of money as we know it today and they would throw it away.

Offer this certain desired thing and it would perhaps fulfil their** lifetime dreams**.

you see, that's what we are. **Humans** came on earth years ago and here we are **now**.

Wanting different things during each **era**.

Remember from your **history** class that they would or did **kill for something** each time?

Conquering, defending, ruling, building, needing, every period has its specials.

.....My point is that I'm afraid of something...

I fear that the time will come, when that kind of thing of interest will be **feelings**.

No matter what. **Feelings**, the ability to react to a situation, positively or negatively, **pain**, **anger**, **love**, **excitement**.

People as we know them, will not exist.

Lack of feelings, **extinction** in the end probably , will lead to a ***heartless world***.

Imagine an era where no one would have to kill for money, food, home, water.

Those left, would be having everything we now think that would be enough.

However.....think about it!

**Even today**, you have already seen some people trying or having achieved to be .

Trying not to feel a thing when it comes to a different situation, out of the normal, when they are called to make decisions.

Possibly they are those, having been really hurt in the past or something.

**I don't want to know what and how will happen, but it's there and you can feel it.**

****
****

****

This heartless era, is not far.

People **not trusting** , even themselves

Fathers **raping** daughters

Wives **cheating**

Partners **betraying**

Friendships **ruined**

and all that why? just because **selfishness, ego, personal interests**, all got in the way.

do you think this is** out of reality**?

should I make a film of this and mark it as "**science fiction**"?

the answer can possibly change the outcome that is to happen in the next few years- hundred, thousand, million years..

*that thing reminds me of a "Doctor Who" episode, *

*where people bought feelings*

*from shops. legally or not.*

As I am experiencing life, we humans, try to

**develop a protection shield **against **humanity**. against **sensitivity**. against **life** in other words.

be **stronger** as individuals.

evolve and success **over others**.

make **money**.

and bla bla bla **society**, **stress**, **failure**.

This is not the only case but most of "us", "humans" or **whatever we are**, I see it,

they, we **forget**.

Forget the **family** they have next to them.

Forget why we are **important**, special, feeling **without knowing how** we do this(I want to call this a **miracle of nature**).

We have those rumours, **stories**, beliefs about **soul**.

Well, for me, a soul is the **progress** we make, the **way** we **act**, the **person** we are, the **feelings** about other people around us, caring, loving, being hurt..

In my dream, let's say,

this is getting **out of control**.

Humanity loses that special gift

*Being able to feel is a weakness*

*Something you can be accused of*

Now people **would kill to feel**.

The **excitement** of a psycho killer

the **rush** of being hurt

the anger, the pain, the disappointment.

Raw **rationality** has consistently being **blocking** every possible natural access to any **emotion**.

Drugs is a way to overcome this.

Going off ones limits, another.

*Hiring others to pretend they love them.*

*Love junkies, badly going after the slightest spark of an emotion*

*Hurting themselves, others, jumping from windows for a last adrenaline rush.*

*Life Like Hell*

*Having lost what once was differentiating them from robots **and*

* human-made creatures with no soul.*

Our **money** is their **feelings**

Our **drugs** their only way to **get** them

**Criminals** in jail trying to experience **love**

*Living dead, emotionless..*

Can you picture that?

Is it as terrible as I believe it is?

You can always be that one who's different.

Why trying not to cry in moments when you feel like?

why locking yourself in a cage you didn't even create by yourself?!

***Strength is letting all out, not struggling to keep it inside, ***

***eventually it will knock you down***

******

Imagine it as an unbreakable **chain**.

Showing one to love and truly care, for someone, even himself(actually that should be the start of all of us, loving our own selves), means minus at least one heartless being, in the future, minus another after the other, unless one stops. and then more. and,

**mental death ahead**.

You know what I'm talking about, we have all experienced that **cruelty** or heard or seen it in someone's **eyes**.

**Beauty** should be measured by **purity, kindness, true smiles, motives**.

It's so sad sometimes when you start thinking about modern life..

Our desires.. the ones we fight for.. sometimes, so wrong, so fooled..

Great potentials, abilities, talents..

I don't know, just ...

..all of what **life has become **or **always was** , i guess, **doesn't feel right**.

Like wrong decisions where made, or **randomness has failed**.

It can even mean that you.. **someone..**has to start fixing us, everything...

**Fix ourselves. Fix the world. **
