---
id: df132d19
created: 2015-09-13T14:12:00.003Z
updated: 2015-09-13T14:12:00.003Z
category: General
tags: []
---
# First Times Count

I was having my regular practice session at the Music School..

Suddenly, as I got stuck somewhere in the piece, they knocked the door of the practice room.

I answered, they came in.

Actually it was the air instruments' teacher of the school who happened to be the conductor of an orchestra as well.

Christmas was coming, so many events were to be organised that season..

*I love Christmas. Everything is bright. You can relax with a cup of hot beverage walking out with people you love, or even enjoy your stay home, next to the fireplace, playing board games, talking about plans...*

.. so, the orchestra was preparing a concert, yes , he asked me to play with them!

It was amazing, just the idea of being there , as a whole, combined notes, dancing around, Christmas mood all over us.

*At first I was surprised. They are so kind. I miss them so much..*

*Getting to the school after university classes, asking for a room to practice, almost everyday .. Then, talking about my erasmus experience, Greece, life, goals.. those times back then... *

**
**
He gave me some instructions afterwards, like the pieces, the sequence, the ambiance of the event..

We had rehearsals. Yea, real rehearsals. Just like when you are in a band . Amazing , huh?

Getting prepared, putting on my favorite comfortable clothes, catching the bus and getting to the Flowerfield Arts Centre.. The piano was grand, it looked like a black, stunning horse to me...

I took the first ride. Got to know each other.. New experience I would say.

That thing with the orchestra. The cooperation needs some time to settle in your mind.

What makes me proud, still now, is not the concert itself.

I am thinking and probably won't stop soon, about the decision I took. My involvement into something new and probably scary in the beginning.. Having to go out at night for the rehearsals, going to the house party before the big day of the concert, put on my formal clothes and go!

*It was my first time. Up there. Living with international students, learning to share things.*

*Learning to cooperate or even to cope with situations alone. Find my way.. Find myself.*

*I had to leave and think about it for a few months to realize the importance of this particular First Time. *

*First Times count.. some of them change you for life.. others draw scars inside you, build your personality, help you grow, giving you a push little by little or maybe all at once! *

**
**
The most interesting aspect of Life is probably the unexpected, the one that we might be scared about

in the beginning. When you can't imagine something could happen there, then, to you, or that you are not able or ready to act in a certain way. When you think all that, then you get out of this train of thought and finally get the train to the unexpected and the new , isn't it great? You feel it, don't you? Probably a long time after you gain the experience.. but still, it's there. The strange and satisfying feeling of pride, self-confidence, joy, nostalgia..

However, even if you repeat something special, I guess from my experience, it was that first time that made it what it is in your heart, that gave it the originality and uniqueness it has,

as a memory.

that phrase I love,

***"you never know"  ,***

******

I'm sure it should be the title of this book, called *" **Life " .*

**
