---
id: 8f9828e2
created: 2015-06-05T15:58:00.001Z
updated: 2015-06-05T15:58:00.001Z
category: General
tags: []
---
# "I thought once..."  VS  "I did once...! "

Lifeplay goes on and on

*you are standing there, *

*at the corner of your mind , *

*thinking of it as it flies away*

*forgetting you are the one to play*

**

**

Success comes from doing

*a wise man once said to me*

*"I don't know how*

*when or with whom I did it*

*but I'm here. Can't believe it*

*Didn't think of it. Just **played. **Just **won**."*

**
**

There are moments,

now and then,

 when my thoughts are unbearable.

The only thing I want to do is burst into tears,

get away from that feeling of

madness

dead end

no reason-to- act mood

no-reason- to- smile chaotic state.

So, why think?

They say , the first thought that comes to mind is the right one.

Second thoughts are rejected.

no need to make them.

wrong, useless, complicating , most of the times.

*Spontaneity* seems to be the key to happiness.

not selfishness, neither not caring

People being rude, people that offend others

even if they love them...

Lack of respect and many more ways to

**try not to be hurt.**

Making plans on how they would react to a possible situation.

Plans and thoughts on potential rejections.

**Fear of change**

**Doubts, **

**anxiety , **

**jealousy **

****

****

Thinking can be destructive as you can see, let alone **over**thinking!

Do you feel the need to have your mind occupied all the time?

Is this the time of your life , when your goals **HAVE **to conquer your world,

otherwise you'll be turned into a monster?

a stupid, useless dependant?

Is anything dead inside you, that you feel it needs revival?

Do not grieve. Bring it to life.

It is not dead yet.

**You **are** not dead yet**.

Around us, the world, is full of stimuli .

Full of possibilities to not get stuck in a certain situation

Especially a destructive one, that is killing us little by little.

The mind we have developed through the years,

is powerful, also daunting.

A single thought can change our life.

Sometimes, however, that change, is not what we should choose.

What I mean is, humans can be stubborn.

Once we think we have decided something,

then, we refuse to change our minds.. especially when others are involved

**-influence, can be misinterpreted as an act of manipulation. **

Life has a flow...

it doesn't stop. it cannot.

Neither can you.

Thinking or not, you are not able to miss your gameplay.

In my opinion, you are also not allowed to lose in this game.

Stop caring and then someone, something,  **dies.**

Isn't it a pity,

**letting life slip through your fingers...?**

It's your choice however.

Sit on the thinking "chair"

Complicate situations.

Question everything, even love offered selflessly

or

Just let it be.. let it become.. let yourself understand on its own.

**Accepting it or not, decisions are made before we even know it!**

So, why (**over**)think?

No matter what we do, our mind will do the job . It always did.

**

*Lifeplay goes on **and **on...*
