---
id: 19795497
created: 2015-09-11T23:10:00.004Z
updated: 2015-09-11T23:10:00.004Z
category: General
tags: []
---
# Black 'n' White

**even if we are lucky **

**sometimes we are too greedy and selfish to see it**

****

**and then happiness is buried under tears and fears**

Everyone can lose hope, now and then, we are humans.

Vulnerable, probably unstable creatures.

The point is, when we feel motivated, to keep this moment in our heads.

Save that particular self image and whenever bad times come, restore it.

That's what we should do.

After all, life is like a piece of music.

Rock, Pop, Rap, Classical, Metal, Traditional or whatever .

>
>
> *"Life is like a piano; the white keys represent happiness and the black show sadness. But as you go through life's journey, remember that the black keys also create music."*
>

Just let it be and let it roll. Let the keys be pressed. Let the melody be.

Whichever note you play, do not stop playing..

Even in silence you can find underlying notes , in pianissimo...

Lack of life-music can be lethal. Imagine you stopped breathing.

That could be a problem, right?

Life needs you to keep it balanced, play and play..

Despite those black keys.. it's the song , you cannot skip them, they are notes , too.

One day as I was playing a classical piece of music, think it was Beethoven, I was about to stop. I had previously made a mistake and thought about giving up the rest.

Then I remembered the actors. Or even professional piano players.

1.Make the mistake

2.Act like it never happened

3.Enjoy the piece till the end

4.Made a mistake before the end? Go to step 2.

No regrets, no tears, no fears, just dedication.

We may lose faith to people.

As we play and play..

**Black, white, black and white.**

**You cheer me up, you let me down.**

**However, you make me feel, **

**something no one can doubt..**
